** Anglais juridique**

Civil law VS Penal Law (criminal)

  

Civil law = Tort law : make sure victim is compensated for any losses caused by the wrongdoers violation : ex car accidents, medical malplractice. Civil assault, civil battery, product liability and dangerous product.  trust passing, emotional distress.

  

  

Tort law : area of law, 

  

Negligence : need evidence that someone owes you a duty of care, ex slipped on the floor, bc the owner owns a duty of care towards the customer.

  

Classification :

- Intentional 
- Unintentional : ex negligence
- Strict liabitlty torts

  

Victim of tort : receive damages.

  

Injudcintion : order a company to stop the construction, + maybe punitive damages. Discretion of the court. States can have a max amount. Ex 2 or 3 times the amount of losses.

  

  

  

Damages awards.

  

Tort intro pdf.

  

Tresspassing : private property

  

Offences : wrongful act violate laws and regulations

  

Fines : monetary penalty

  

Enfregments : violation or breach of legal rights

  

Mediation : voluntary process

  

Susbstential

  

Trial 

  

Open court

  

Damaged

  

  

Injunction 

enforced 

  

  

Audio :

Libel : a false and defamatory statement or representation in written or printed form

  

Slander : false spaken statement

Outliers : individuals or things situated outside the main body or group

  

Submissis : item put forward for consideration, review or judgment

  

Blacklog : large accumulation of…

  

  

Impose : apply

  

Contemporary disregard the authority of cour

  

Merits : inhreetn rights and wrongs 

  

Incurred : 

  

——

  

Libel and slanders are the main outliers.