judges couldnt be trusted at the time, as always siding with the king., aristocratic backgrounds. 

apolitical selection process as possible.

topic : george floyd jury

effectivemeness of a public trial

former mineapolis officer Derek Chauvin, raising doubts about the uniquely american 12 person jury. 

Instead of 12, they have to be trained in a crash course

more politicised in USA.

---
correction :

about jury trial
jury trials may not be effective
a professional panel of judges
are not knowledgable enough on legal matters
selection process : in terems of merits. not politicaly chosen. among the best candidates.
first appreaded : in france and USA
because judges couldnt be trusted.
more politicesed in the USA
jury system is not an effective system

---

civil law
x
plaintiff defendant

wrongufl act, other than a breahc of contrat,  result injuruy to another person, proprietey or reputation, reocgiens as a legitimate basis ffor liability. 

common basis for laibilte
tort is the law of civil wrongs

important distinctions : civil or crilinal cases common law ou statutoryt law, tort or contrat

civil or criminal cases : like contrats and propr, provides for civil and not crimunal libaility. 

Distin : 1) who the paties are, plaintifs vs prosecutirs 2) pssobiel outcomes : lliabolo as opposed to guilty 3) applicable standort of proof beyond a reasobnel doubt, beyond a resolable doubt 4) civil daages opp crimlinal penalties 5° pricedures rules that apply : civil proc opp crimlinal proc


tort : between privates parti // criminal prosecutor charges the defendant with a crime

tort : injured plaintei sur for damages. 

prosecutor charge defendent with a crime.

different parties adn proceed seperatly. 
ex OJ simpson prosecutor.2 counts of murder,; acquitted, not guilty, 
sued bu the fimaly by familty for wrongufl death... found liable

tort suits : plaintinf v defendant

criminal cases the people vs defendant: guily or not gult
tort : liable or not libable 

standord of proof : criminal : beyond reasonablg doubts; 
civil : so must me convinced are more likely than none accurate; 50% likely. but few narrow exceptions. F



civil and crimlinal might explain the divergence for simson

criminal defendant found gulty, penalty : death emprisonement criminal finds ,if liable : pay damages, equitible relief. Injunction.

criminal fines are pay by the def to to gvt, civil by the defendant to the plaintinf. 

civil procedures vs criminal procedures.

2 types of law civil libaraly : statutorty law adn common law

law : state legislature, city oncil adn signed into laws by executive prez gov mayor. 

statues incldues // right to parteis to sue each other. statues create private causes of actions, ex to sue employers for vialolating the law.

tort law is a ocmmon law, judge made than legislature made.

thousands and thousand of court decisions. THey are treated as precedents. Same jurisdiciton.

In torts : common and statutoty la interact with each other.

absence of ratification, judge made rules are still valid. Area of common law, they must lok the the relevant statues. 

tort or contract? within civil ocmmo,n law liabito. Tort liabiluty and contrat distioctn;

Tort exclude breached of contracts. Contract law enforeced agremments. Example : i bump into you on the side block, cause various injureis; Never met before, never agreed if i should composante you, tort law gives a set of different rules. 

breahc of contrat: shipment of laptop computers, if laptops are damage you might su e me for beach of contracts. Maybe agreed in the contract different rules of tort law. Maybe it's silent, so tort law different law applied. 

tort : wrongful act, other breahc of contract, result in injru to another person. 

law : statues passed by legislators. 

tort lw is primarely a cmmon law judge made, rather than legislature made. Court decisiosn treaded as prcedents 

but common law sometimes codified the cedisiosn fo judged. 

if legislature codified 