Criminal Law

Probation : ex house arrest.

Capital punishment.

serouis crime : felony

petty crime : misdeminor


serious crime :
- arson
- drunk driving if accident
- murder
- bribery (depends on the circonstances)
- burglary
- hacking (depends)
- roberry
- drug dealing
- manslaughter : kill somebody without intention 



petty crime :
- fraud
- pickprocketing


lenient to severe
- caution
- 500$ fine
- community service
- 5year prison sentence
- lif eemprisonment
- death penalty

money laundering, etradite, expel, fraud, plead. 

audio:
- 20yor, hush purppy, celebrating his weath, lto of secrecy on the syrrounding the amount of his xweatlh, regio of 20 milliosn dollars, many luxury cars. 2.5 millions followers lot of attentin. Shopping bags, luxury cars. 
- extraditing to the US 3rd of july, for money laundering. UAE no treaty of extraditiin wth the US. Native nigeria. 
- lauwyer said he was kidnapped, bcp UAE no expedation treaty. Why taken by american authorities. 
- money laundering and other finnacial criles, 456 millions dorras, including defrauding a bank. 
- . 1.1 million dollars in funds attended for a children school in qatar. 
- wanted man in nigeria. 20 yrears n nigeria, before being deported in nigeraia where he could face 
- Convicted : 20 years in prison. 
- dubai police 2 million email adresses. 10 000 dollars rent, 40 mllion dollars in cash. with variety of smartphone and laptops. 
- 1 926 400 world. were paying for his lifestyle.
- 2017 : song realeased in nigeria Temaia, accuising him of fraud. Plead guilty.

juliana journalist. 37yo. Hard to say. Revalry with the singer, accusing of fraud. Accusing of spendng money on cars and not investments.

